OS rename (#44)
ome/omeroweb-install: README.md

Testing in DOCKER
-----------------

> These tests are only for CentOS 7, Ubuntu, Debian deployment. Unfortunately there is no docker container for Mac OS X installation scritps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These tests are only for CentOS 7, Ubuntu, and Debian deployments. Unfortunately there is no docker container for Mac OS X installation scripts
```
